Add FreeRTOS Labs project notice to SECURITY.md (#2)
FreeRTOS/Lab-Project-FreeRTOS-MCUBoot: .github/SECURITY.md

## FreeRTOS Labs project

> This repository is a **FreeRTOS Labs** project. As described on the
> [FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction),
> Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for
> open-source community interest. They are **not** part of the actively maintained, released
> FreeRTOS libraries. Please consider the limitations described on the Labs page before
> concluding that an observed behavior is a security vulnerability.

Reviewer: IMO we should tailor this to the intended way this repo will be used. In this case, this repo represents a reference integration example for FreeRTOS + MCU Boot. I think our language here should reflect that similar to how [aws-samples](https://github.com/aws-samples) does it

My suggestion would be:

```suggestion
This repository represent an example integration between FreeRTOS and MCU Boot. As described on the
[FreeRTOS Labs introduction page](https://www.freertos.org/Documentation/03-Libraries/05-FreeRTOS-labs/01-Introduction), Labs projects are functional but may be incomplete, experimental, or provided primarily for open-source community interest.

This reference is not a supported product in its own right, but an educational example to help our customers use FreeRTOS with MCU Boot in their applications. As our customer, any applications you integrate this example into should be thoroughly tested, secured, and optimized according to your business's security standards & policies before deploying to production or handling production workloads.
```
